Refactor Go Getting Started to use common content (#2510)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-primer/go.mdx

<Note>
<markdown>

_Sentry's Go SDK enables automatic reporting of errors and exceptions._

> Our Go SDK supports Go Modules by design. When installed, it picks up the latest version of the SDK and stores it inside the `go.mod` file. Non-major changes should never break your builds. The SDK supports all recent versions of the language, utilizes its features, and gives developers the most helpful hints possible for where and why the error might have occurred.

Reviewer: TODO: will think about a better sentence to put here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Go SDK supports all recent versions of the language, and integrates well with a variety of popular frameworks and packages in the Go ecosystem. It gives developers helpful hints for where and why an error or panic might have occurred.
```
